resp1.png shows that the response time is approximately
uniformly distributed between 0 and 550 ms. The uniform
distribution here is the result of the uniform
distribution of the intervals between two SIGUSR1 (see
driver.c). The maximum response time is around 550 ms,
because the timer interval is 500 ms and the workload
is 50 ms. Notice that there are samples with response
time being less than 50 ms. This will happen whenever
there is a SIGUSR1 caught during the execution of the
workload.

resp2.png shows that the response time is approximately
uniformly distributed between 50 and 175 ms, for the
reason similar to that for resp1.png.

From the comparison of resp1.png and resp2.png, it seems
that with a shorter timer interval it is less likely
that the response time will be less than 50 ms. This is
hard to explain. It turns out that the phenomenon is
just due to variations in experiments. Repeating the
experiment with a different seed for random number
generator (see resp.out.100.2 and resp.out.500.2), we
then observed that both plots show close-to-zero samples
with response time being less than 50 ms. It is a good
lesson that we ought to repeat our experiments multiple
times - otherwise we might over-explain the data.
